To create a test that covers all areas outlined in the provided syllabus, you'll want to include questions from various topics such as shell scripting, Go programming concepts, algorithmic problem-solving, memory manipulation, file manipulation, data structures (linked lists and binary trees), and teamwork.

Here's a sample test that covers these areas:

Test Name: Comprehensive Programming Assessment

Duration: 3 hours

Section 1: Shell Scripting (Duration: 30 minutes)

    What command is used to change file permissions in Unix/Linux?
        A) chmod
        B) chperm
        C) perchmod
        D) modperm

    Which command is used to search for text within files in Unix/Linux?
        A) find
        B) search
        C) grep
        D) locate

    What command is used to count the number of lines, words, and characters in a file in Unix/Linux?
        A) count
        B) stats
        C) wc
        D) analyze

    Which command is used to manipulate text in Unix/Linux by selecting specific parts of each line?
        A) cut
        B) slice
        C) extract
        D) segment

    What command is used to process JSON data in Unix/Linux?
        A) jq
        B) json
        C) jproc
        D) jsonproc

Section 2: Go Programming Concepts (Duration: 45 minutes)

    What keyword is used to declare a variable in Go?
        A) var
        B) let
        C) variable
        D) declare

    Which loop is used for executing a block of statements repeatedly until a specified condition returns false?
        A) for
        B) while
        C) do-while
        D) repeat-until

    What is the purpose of the z01.PrintRune function in Go?
        A) To print a rune character
        B) To read input from the user
        C) To perform arithmetic operations
        D) To handle errors in the code

    Which data type is used to represent a sequence of characters in Go?
        A) int
        B) float
        C) string
        D) bool

    What does the % operator represent in Go?
        A) Exponentiation
        B) Modulo
        C) Division
        D) Multiplication

Section 3: Algorithmic Problem-Solving (Duration: 1 hour)

    Write a Go function to calculate the factorial of a given non-negative integer using iteration.

    Implement a Go function to find the nth Fibonacci number using recursion.

    Write a Go program to check if a given number is prime or not.

    Implement a Go function to reverse a string.

    Write a Go function to sort an array of integers in ascending order using any sorting algorithm.

Section 4: Data Structures and File Manipulation (Duration: 45 minutes)

    Explain the concept of a linked list and its advantages over arrays.

    Write a Go function to insert a node at the end of a linked list.

    How would you read data from a file and display it in Go?

    Explain the concept of a binary tree and its applications.

    Write a Go function to find the maximum element in a binary tree.

This test covers various topics mentioned in the syllabus, including shell scripting, Go programming, algorithmic problem-solving, file manipulation, and data structures. Adjust the duration and difficulty of questions according to the level of the students and the emphasis placed on each topic in your curriculum.
User
prepare questions that I can use to test all the specific topics in the syllabus, 7 questions per topic "dont limit yourself give everything range them from beginner to intermidiate level of difficulty"
ChatGPT

Sure, I'll provide questions for each specific topic mentioned in the syllabus, ranging from beginner to intermediate difficulty levels.

Shell Scripting:

    Beginner: Write a shell command to create a new directory named "test" in the current directory.
    Beginner: What does the chmod 755 filename command do? Explain each part of the command.
    Beginner: How do you use the grep command to search for a specific word in a file named "example.txt"?
    Intermediate: Write a shell script that finds all files with a .log extension in the current directory and its subdirectories and displays their contents.
    Intermediate: Explain the differences between the cut, sed, and awk commands in Unix/Linux.
    Intermediate: Write a shell script that takes a filename as an argument and counts the number of lines containing the word "error" in that file.
    Intermediate: How can you use the jq command to extract specific data from a JSON file?

Go Programming Concepts:

    Beginner: Declare a variable x of type int and assign it the value 10 in Go.
    Beginner: Write a Go program that prints numbers from 1 to 10 using a for loop.
    Beginner: What does the following Go code snippet do?

    go

    var s string = "Hello, world!"
    fmt.Println(s)

    Intermediate: Write a Go program to find the sum of all even numbers from 1 to 100.
    Intermediate: Explain the difference between := and = in Go variable declaration.
    Intermediate: Write a Go program that checks if a given number is prime or not.
    Intermediate: How can you use the os.Args variable to access command-line arguments in a Go program?

Algorithmic Problem-Solving:

    Beginner: Write a Go function to calculate the factorial of a given non-negative integer using iteration.
    Beginner: Implement a Go function to find the nth Fibonacci number using recursion.
    Beginner: Write a Go function to check if a given string is a palindrome.
    Intermediate: Implement a Go function to find the greatest common divisor (GCD) of two integers using Euclid's algorithm.
    Intermediate: Write a Go program to sort an array of integers in descending order using the bubble sort algorithm.
    Intermediate: Explain the concept of time complexity and its importance in analyzing algorithms.
    Intermediate: How do you find the intersection of two arrays in Go efficiently?

Memory Manipulation:

    Beginner: What is the purpose of the make function in Go? Give an example.
    Beginner: Explain the difference between append and copy functions in Go.
    Beginner: Write a Go program to concatenate two slices into one.
    Intermediate: Implement a function in Go that removes duplicates from a slice of integers.
    Intermediate: What is the purpose of the unsafe package in Go? Provide an example where it might be used.
    Intermediate: How does Go manage memory allocation and deallocation compared to languages like C or C++?
    Intermediate: Write a Go program that demonstrates the use of pointers and memory addresses.

File Manipulation:

    Beginner: How do you open a file named "example.txt" for reading in Go?
    Beginner: Write a Go program to read the contents of a file line by line and print them.
    Beginner: Explain the purpose of the os.File type in Go and how it is used.
    Intermediate: Write a Go program to count the number of words in a text file.
    Intermediate: How do you handle errors when opening or reading a file in Go?
    Intermediate: Write a Go program that copies the contents of one file to another.
    Intermediate: Explain the difference between reading a file using ioutil.ReadFile and os.Open in Go.

Data Structures (Linked Lists):

    Beginner: Explain what a linked list is and how it differs from an array.
    Beginner: Write a Go program to create an empty linked list.
    Beginner: Implement a function in Go to insert a node at the beginning of a linked list.
    Intermediate: Write a Go function to reverse a linked list.
    Intermediate: How do you delete a node from a linked list in Go?
    Intermediate: Explain the concept of a doubly linked list and its advantages.
    Intermediate: Write a Go program to find the nth node from the end of a linked list.

Data Structures (Binary Trees):

    Beginner: What is a binary tree, and how is it different from other tree data structures?
    Beginner: Write a Go program to create an empty binary search tree.
    Beginner: Implement a function in Go to insert a value into a binary search tree.
    Intermediate: Write a Go function to find the height of a binary tree.
    Intermediate: Explain the difference between a binary search tree and a binary heap.
    Intermediate: Write a Go program to perform an inorder traversal of a binary tree.
    Intermediate: How do you delete a node from a binary search tree in Go?

These questions cover various levels of difficulty and address specific topics outlined in the syllabus, providing a comprehensive assessment of students' understanding. Adjust the complexity and depth of questions according to the level of the students being assessed.
User
give 10 new practical and practice questions from each topic 
ChatGPT

Certainly! Here are 10 practical and practice questions for each topic mentioned in the syllabus:

Shell Scripting:

    Practical: Write a shell script that takes a filename as input and checks if the file exists in the current directory. If it exists, print "File found", otherwise print "File not found".
    Practice: Use the touch command to create three empty files named "file1.txt", "file2.txt", and "file3.txt".
    Practical: Write a shell script that renames all files with a ".txt" extension in the current directory to have a ".bak" extension.
    Practice: Use the curl command to download a webpage and save it as "page.html" in the current directory.
    Practical: Write a shell script that searches for all files with a ".log" extension in the current directory and moves them to a subdirectory named "logs".
    Practice: Use the find command to search for all files modified in the last 7 days in the current directory and its subdirectories.
    Practical: Write a shell script that reads a list of filenames from a file called "files.txt" and deletes those files if they exist.
    Practice: Use the grep command to search for lines containing the word "error" in a log file named "error.log".
    Practical: Write a shell script that counts the number of files and directories in the current directory.
    Practice: Use the sed command to replace all occurrences of "old_text" with "new_text" in a file named "data.txt".

Go Programming Concepts:

    Practical: Write a Go program that reads a number from the user and prints whether it is even or odd.
    Practice: Declare an integer variable num and assign it the value 20 in Go.
    Practical: Write a Go program that calculates the area of a rectangle given its length and width, where the length and width are provided by the user.
    Practice: Write a Go program to print the ASCII value of a character entered by the user.
    Practical: Write a Go program that checks if a given year is a leap year or not, where the year is provided by the user.
    Practice: Declare and initialize a string variable name with the value "John Doe" in Go.
    Practical: Write a Go program that takes two numbers as input and prints their sum, difference, product, and quotient.
    Practice: Write a Go program that calculates the factorial of a number entered by the user.
    Practical: Write a Go program that generates a random number between 1 and 100 and asks the user to guess it.
    Practice: Declare and initialize a boolean variable isTrue with the value true in Go.

Algorithmic Problem-Solving:

    Practical: Write a Go function to find the maximum element in an array of integers.
    Practice: Write a Go function to check if a given string is a palindrome.
    Practical: Write a Go function to compute the sum of elements in an array of integers.
    Practice: Write a Go function to merge two sorted arrays into a single sorted array.
    Practical: Write a Go function to find the second smallest element in an array of integers.
    Practice: Write a Go function to count the number of vowels in a given string.
    Practical: Write a Go function to remove all duplicates from an array of integers.
    Practice: Write a Go function to check if two strings are anagrams of each other.
    Practical: Write a Go function to compute the factorial of a non-negative integer using recursion.
    Practice: Write a Go function to find the intersection of two arrays.

Memory Manipulation:

    Practical: Write a Go program to concatenate two slices of integers.
    Practice: Write a Go program to append elements to a slice dynamically.
    Practical: Write a Go program to remove an element at a specific index from a slice.
    Practice: Write a Go program to create a 2D slice and initialize it with values.
    Practical: Write a Go program to create a map and add key-value pairs to it.
    Practice: Write a Go program to delete a key from a map.
    Practical: Write a Go program to copy elements from one slice to another.
    Practice: Write a Go program to convert a slice to a string.
    Practical: Write a Go program to resize a slice.
    Practice: Write a Go program to sort a slice of integers in ascending order.

File Manipulation:

    Practical: Write a Go program to read the contents of a text file and print them to the console.
    Practice: Write a Go program to write data to a text file.
    Practical: Write a Go program to read a CSV file and parse its contents.
    Practice: Write a Go program to append data to an existing text file.
    Practical: Write a Go program to create a new directory and write a file inside it.
    Practice: Write a Go program to delete a file.
    Practical: Write a Go program to check if a file exists.
    Practice: Write a Go program to read a JSON file and decode its contents into a struct.
    Practical: Write a Go program to copy a file from one location to another.
    Practice: Write a Go program to recursively list all files in a directory.

Data Structures (Linked Lists):

    Practical: Write a Go program to insert a node at the end of a linked list.
    Practice: Write a Go program to delete a node with a given value from a linked list.
    Practical: Write a Go program to find the middle element of a linked list.
    Practice: Write a Go program to reverse a linked list in place.
    Practical: Write a Go program to check if a linked list is cyclic.
    Practice: Write a Go program to detect and remove a loop in a linked list.
    Practical: Write a Go program to merge two sorted linked lists into one sorted linked list.
    Practice: Write a Go program to find the intersection point of two linked lists.
    Practical: Write a Go program to split a linked list into two halves.
    Practice: Write a Go program to check if a linked list is a palindrome.

Data Structures (Binary Trees):

    Practical: Write a Go program to insert a node into a binary search tree.
    Practice: Write a Go program to delete a node from a binary search tree.
    Practical: Write a Go program to find the lowest common ancestor of two nodes in a binary tree.
    Practice: Write a Go program to check if a binary tree is a binary search tree.
    Practical: Write a Go program to find the diameter of a binary tree.
    Practice: Write a Go program to find the level order traversal of a binary tree.
    Practical: Write a Go program to find the maximum depth of a binary tree.
    Practice: Write a Go program to check if two binary trees are identical.
    Practical: Write a Go program to serialize and deserialize a binary tree.
    Practice: Write a Go program to find the maximum path sum in a binary tree.

These practical and practice
User
give questions on the areas listed under exercise in the curriculum
ChatGPT

Sure, here are questions based on the exercises listed under each area in the curriculum:

Exercise Areas:

    Introduction to Shell:
        How would you use the touch command to create a new file named "example.txt" in the current directory?
        Explain the purpose of the chmod command in Unix/Linux and how you would use it to change the permissions of a file.
        Write a command using find to search for all files with a .log extension in the current directory and its subdirectories.
        What is the purpose of the grep command in Unix/Linux? Provide an example of how you would use it to search for a specific pattern in a file.
        Write a shell command using sed to replace all occurrences of "old_word" with "new_word" in a file named "data.txt".
        How would you use the cut command to extract the first column from a CSV file named "data.csv"?
        Explain the purpose of the jq command and how you would use it to parse JSON data in a file.

    Introduction to Go Lang and Basic Programming Concepts:
        Write a Go program to print the alphabet in reverse order.
        Explain the use of the if statement in Go and provide an example.
        Write a Go program to print the ASCII value of all lowercase letters.
        What is the purpose of the for loop in Go? Provide an example of how you would use it.
        Write a Go program to check if a number is negative, positive, or zero.
        How do you declare and initialize a variable in Go? Provide an example.
        Write a Go program to print the first 10 even numbers.

    Introduction to Go Lang and Basic Programming Concepts II:
        Explain the purpose of the range keyword in Go and how it is used.
        Write a Go program to reverse a string.
        What are pointers in Go? How do you declare and dereference a pointer?
        Write a Go program to calculate the sum of digits of a positive integer.
        How do you use the strings package in Go for string manipulation? Provide an example.
        Write a Go program to find the length of a string.
        Explain the use of the % operator in Go for modulo and division operations.

    Algorithmia Concepts:
        Write a Go function to calculate the factorial of a non-negative integer iteratively.
        What is recursion? Provide an example of a recursive function in Go.
        Write a Go function to find the nth Fibonacci number using recursion.
        Explain the concept of time complexity in algorithms. How do you analyze the time complexity of an algorithm?
        Write a Go function to check if a number is prime.
        What is the purpose of the sqrt function in Go? How would you use it to find the square root of a number?
        Write a Go function to find the greatest common divisor (GCD) of two integers.

    Application of Previously Viewed Concepts:
        Write a Go program to capitalize the first letter of each word in a sentence.
        How would you use the ToUpper and ToLower functions in Go to convert a string to uppercase and lowercase, respectively?
        Write a Go program to check if a string contains only alphabetic characters.
        Explain the purpose of the strconv package in Go and how you would use it for string conversions.
        Write a Go program to concatenate two strings.
        How do you convert a string to an integer in Go? Provide an example.
        Write a Go program to find the index of a specific character in a string.

    Usage of OS.Args:
        Write a Go program that prints all command-line arguments passed to it.
        Explain the purpose of os.Args in Go and how you would use it to access command-line arguments.
        Write a Go program that calculates the sum of integers passed as command-line arguments.
        How do you handle command-line arguments in Go when the number of arguments may vary?
        Write a Go program to check if a file exists using command-line arguments for the filename.
        Explain the difference between os.Args and flag package in Go for handling command-line arguments.
        Write a Go program that reads a file specified as a command-line argument and prints its contents.

    The Memory Allocation in GoLang:
        Explain the purpose of the make function in Go for memory allocation.
        How do you append elements to a slice in Go? Provide an example.
        Write a Go program to concatenate two slices into one.
        What is the purpose of the append function in Go? How does it work?
        Explain the difference between arrays and slices in Go.
        How do you create a slice with a specific length and capacity in Go?
        Write a Go program that demonstrates the usage of the len and cap functions for slices.

These questions cover a range of topics from basic to intermediate levels and are designed to test understanding and proficiency in each area mentioned in the curriculum. Adjust the complexity of questions as needed based on the level of students.
User
new intermediate practical and practise questions on the areas listed under excersice
ChatGPT

Certainly! Here are some intermediate practical and practice questions based on the exercise areas listed in the curriculum:

Introduction to Shell:

Practical:

    Write a shell script that takes a directory path as input and recursively lists all files and directories within that directory.
    Create a shell script that accepts a filename as an argument and checks if the file is executable. If it is, execute it; otherwise, display an error message.
    Write a shell script that finds and deletes all empty files within a specified directory.
    Develop a shell script that takes a filename as input and counts the number of lines, words, and characters in the file.
    Create a script that prompts the user to enter a string and then prints each word of the string on a new line.
    Write a shell script that renames all files with a ".jpg" extension to have a ".png" extension in a specified directory.
    Develop a script that searches for a specific pattern in a log file and displays the corresponding log entries.

Practice:

    Use the awk command to extract the second column from a CSV file named "data.csv".
    Write a shell command to find all files modified in the last 24 hours within the current directory.
    Use the sort command to sort the lines of a file named "names.txt" in alphabetical order.
    Write a shell script that takes two filenames as arguments and compares their sizes.
    Use the tail command to display the last 10 lines of a file named "logfile.txt".
    Write a shell command to recursively search for files with a ".txt" extension and count the number of occurrences of a specific word in each file.
    Use the cut command to extract the third to fifth characters from each line of a text file.

Introduction to Go Lang and Basic Programming Concepts:

Practical:

    Develop a Go program that reads integers from the user until a negative number is entered and then calculates the average of all positive numbers entered.
    Write a Go program that prompts the user to enter two numbers and performs various arithmetic operations (addition, subtraction, multiplication, division) on them.
    Create a Go program that generates a random password of a specified length using uppercase letters, lowercase letters, and digits.
    Develop a Go program that reads a series of integers from the user until a sentinel value is entered, then prints the maximum and minimum values entered.
    Write a program that simulates rolling two dice and calculates the sum of the values rolled.
    Develop a Go program that takes a string as input and checks if it is a palindrome.
    Create a program that reads a series of integers from a file and calculates the sum of all positive integers.

Practice:

    Write a Go program to convert a temperature in Celsius to Fahrenheit.
    Develop a program that calculates the area of a triangle given the lengths of its three sides.
    Create a program that reads a series of integers from a file and calculates their average.
    Write a Go program to generate a Fibonacci sequence up to a specified number of terms.
    Develop a program that prompts the user to enter their age and then calculates the user's birth year.
    Create a program that reads a series of integers from the user until a sentinel value is entered, then prints the count of even and odd numbers entered.
    Write a Go program to calculate the factorial of a non-negative integer.

Introduction to Go Lang and Basic Programming Concepts II:

Practical:

    Develop a Go program that reads a string from the user and counts the number of vowels and consonants in it.
    Write a program that reads a series of strings from the user until an empty string is entered, then prints the longest and shortest strings entered.
    Create a Go program that reads a series of integers from the user and prints the sum of digits of each number.
    Develop a program that reads a list of names from a file and prints them in alphabetical order.
    Write a program that reads a series of integers from the user until a sentinel value is entered, then prints the largest and smallest numbers entered.
    Develop a program that reads a series of words from the user and prints them in reverse order.
    Create a Go program that reads a series of integers from the user until a negative number is entered, then calculates the product of all positive numbers entered.

Practice:

    Write a Go program to find the frequency of characters in a string.
    Develop a program that reads a series of integers from a file and prints the sum of digits of each number.
    Create a program that reads a list of names from a file, sorts them in alphabetical order, and writes them to another file.
    Write a Go program to generate a random number within a specified range.
    Develop a program that reads a series of integers from the user and prints the count of prime numbers entered.
    Create a program that reads a series of strings from the user until an empty string is entered, then prints the strings in reverse order.
    Write a Go program to check if a string is a palindrome ignoring spaces and punctuation.

These practical and practice questions aim to reinforce understanding and application of the concepts covered in the exercise areas of the curriculum. Adjust the difficulty level as needed based on the learners' proficiency.
User
you missed week three and four exercises
ChatGPT

Apologies for the oversight. Let's include the exercises from Week Three and Week Four as well:

Week Three:

Quest 8 - Introduction to Structures and Advanced Types in GoLang:

Practical:

    Develop a Go program that defines a structure representing a student with fields for name, age, and grade, and then prompts the user to input information for multiple students and stores them in a slice.
    Write a program that reads data from a CSV file containing student information (name, age, grade) and stores it in a slice of structures.
    Create a Go program that defines a structure representing a book with fields for title, author, and publication year, and then prompts the user to input information for multiple books and stores them in a slice.
    Develop a program that reads data from a JSON file containing information about books and stores it in a slice of structures.
    Write a Go program that defines a structure representing a car with fields for make, model, and year, and then prompts the user to input information for multiple cars and stores them in a slice.
    Create a program that reads data from a text file containing information about cars and stores it in a slice of structures.
    Develop a Go program that defines a structure representing a contact with fields for name, email, and phone number, and then allows the user to add, delete, or update contacts.

Practice:

    Write a Go program to search for a specific contact in a slice of structures based on the name.
    Develop a program that reads data from a CSV file containing contact information (name, email, phone number) and stores it in a slice of structures.
    Create a Go program to sort a slice of structures representing contacts alphabetically by name.
    Write a program that reads data from a JSON file containing contact information and stores it in a slice of structures.
    Develop a Go program to remove duplicate contacts from a slice of structures.
    Create a program that reads data from a text file containing contact information and stores it in a slice of structures.
    Write a Go program to search for contacts by phone number in a slice of structures.

Quest 9 - Functions as Argument:

Practical:

    Develop a Go program that defines a function to calculate the square of a number and then passes this function as an argument to another function that calculates the square of multiple numbers.
    Write a program that defines a function to check if a number is even and then passes this function as an argument to another function that filters even numbers from a slice of integers.
    Create a Go program that defines a function to convert a string to uppercase and then passes this function as an argument to another function that applies the conversion to a slice of strings.
    Develop a program that defines a function to calculate the length of a string and then passes this function as an argument to another function that calculates the lengths of multiple strings.
    Write a Go program that defines a function to check if a number is prime and then passes this function as an argument to another function that filters prime numbers from a slice of integers.
    Create a program that defines a function to reverse a string and then passes this function as an argument to another function that reverses multiple strings.
    Develop a Go program that defines a function to calculate the factorial of a number and then passes this function as an argument to another function that calculates the factorials of multiple numbers.

Practice:

    Write a Go program to implement a generic map function that applies a given function to each element of a slice and returns a new slice.
    Develop a program that defines a function to check if a string is a palindrome and then passes this function as an argument to another function that filters palindromic strings from a slice of strings.
    Create a Go program to implement a generic filter function that applies a given predicate function to each element of a slice and returns a new slice containing only the elements for which the predicate returns true.
    Write a program that defines a function to calculate the sum of digits of a number and then passes this function as an argument to another function that calculates the sums of digits of multiple numbers.
    Develop a Go program to implement a generic reduce function that applies a given binary function to each pair of elements in a slice and returns a single result.
    Create a program that defines a function to calculate the length of a string and then passes this function as an argument to another function that calculates the lengths of multiple strings.
    Write a Go program to implement a generic sort function that sorts a slice of elements using a given comparison function.

These practical and practice questions aim to reinforce understanding and application of the concepts covered in the exercise areas of Week Three. Adjust the difficulty level as needed based on the learners' proficiency. Let me know if you need further assistance!
User
week four
ChatGPT

Certainly! Here are the exercises for Week Four:

Week Four:

Quest 11 - Linked Lists in GoLang:

Practical:

    Implement a Go program to create a singly linked list and provide functions to insert elements at the front and end of the list.
    Write a program to implement a doubly linked list and provide functions to insert elements at the front and end of the list.
    Develop a Go program to traverse a singly linked list and print its elements.
    Create a program that implements a circular linked list and provides functions to insert elements at the front and end of the list.
    Implement a Go program to delete a node with a specific value from a singly linked list.
    Write a program to reverse a singly linked list.
    Develop a Go program to merge two sorted linked lists into a single sorted list.

Practice:

    Write a Go program to implement a stack using a linked list.
    Develop a program to implement a queue using a linked list.
    Create a Go program to find the middle element of a linked list.
    Write a program to detect a loop in a linked list and return the node where the loop starts.
    Implement a Go program to remove duplicates from an unsorted linked list.
    Develop a program to split a linked list into two halves.
    Create a Go program to check if a linked list is palindrome.

Quest 12 - Binary Trees:

Practical:

    Implement a Go program to create a binary search tree and provide functions to insert elements.
    Write a program to traverse a binary tree using preorder, inorder, and postorder traversal techniques.
    Develop a Go program to search for a specific element in a binary search tree.
    Create a program that deletes a node with a specific value from a binary search tree.
    Implement a Go program to find the minimum value in a binary search tree.
    Write a program to find the maximum depth of a binary tree.
    Develop a Go program to check if two binary trees are identical.

Practice:

    Write a Go program to count the number of leaves in a binary tree.
    Develop a program to find the lowest common ancestor of two nodes in a binary tree.
    Create a Go program to check if a binary tree is balanced.
    Implement a program to find the vertical sum of a binary tree.
    Write a Go program to convert a binary tree to its mirror image.
    Develop a program to print all paths from the root to leaf nodes in a binary tree.
    Create a Go program to serialize and deserialize a binary tree.

These practical and practice questions aim to reinforce understanding and application of the concepts covered in Week Four's exercises. Adjust the difficulty level as needed based on the learners' proficiency. Let me know if you need further assistance!
